Building a personal brand in 2025 is the
fastest way to get insanely rich, but
most people do it completely wrong. I
built my own $10 million personal brand
from scratch, and today I'm breaking
down the exact steps you need to follow
to do the same. Anyone can do this, and
if you're not doing the things I'll
reveal to you in this video, you're
leaving millions on the table. Let's
break down exactly how to build a
profitable personal brand in 2025.
Everyone says you should start by
picking a niche, but this is the real
secret to making millions with a
personal brand. There's a lot of highv
value markets out there like CRM or
household goods like toilet paper which
everyone uses or there's a lot of B2B
marketing categories like AI are
untapped when it comes to influencers
that can monetize extremely well. One of
the highest ad revenue videos I ever
created on YouTube was one around AI.
See B2B is a untapped gold mine.
Everyone wants to be an influencer for
things like fashion. But you know what?
You're competing with people who have
millions, if not tens of millions of
followers. But on the flip side, with
B2B, a lot of my social accounts don't
even have a million followers. They have
less than that. But companies like
PayPal will pay me over $100,000 for a
post. Why? Because in B2B, you don't
need a lot of followers to monetize.
They're all worth much more. And best of
all, there's not that much competition.
So, they don't have a choice of who
they're going to pay. There's a handful
of players who are B2B influencers for
most verticals compared to B TOC. But
picking a vertical isn't just about
profitability, even though that is an
important part. It's also about passion.
If you're passion about something,
you'll put in the effort and your
content quality will just be much
better. So, you need to focus on
profitability with passion. It's hard to
make money without the passion. Next, if
you're not doing this with your personal
brand, you're basically don't exist
online. You need to post daily on at
least six platforms to maximize your
reach and engagement. Sprouto, a social
media company, broke down how the
average person uses more than six social
networks per month. And when I say they
use, they're actually logging in and
using these other platforms. That's why
Facebook still does well. You asked a
lot of young people, oh, Facebook's
dead. But yet, they still have Facebook
accounts and every once in a while they
log into it. When you post daily, it
gives you the maximum opportunity for
your followers to see your content. And
your content formats shouldn't just be
videos. You want to leverage all format
types from videos to blog posts to
podcast to even images. And you could
even use AI powered tools like Hey Jen
to translate and scale your content
effortlessly into multiple languages. So
that way you can target people all
around the world and not just people who
are speaking English. But the key with
all of this is consistency. Again, if
you don't post each and every single
day, including holidays, because that's
non-negotiable, you won't see success.
If you look at the people who do well on
social media, they're consistent and
they've been doing it for many, many
years. Having amazing content, but
posting once a month isn't enough.
People just be like, "Yeah, they have
amazing content. Not going to see them
again." You don't want to be that
person. You want amazing content pushed
out every day. Here's the best hack to
grow your personal brand without a lot
of extra time or effort. One thing I
love doing when I'm posting content is
to partner with other influencers on
these social platforms. Even if you have
a,000 followers or 2,000 or 5,000
followers, you can do collaborations
with other people. So when you post, it
also goes on their profile and when they
post, it also goes on your profile. This
way, when they post on their profile,
some of their followers will check out
your profile and start following you.
And the same will happen with you.
You'll reciprocate that to them. So it
creates a win-win scenario. And this is
also why I love speaking at both small
events and big events. It builds
credibility and you can use a lot of
that content on your social profiles.
and these events will start promoting
that content to all their attendees as
well, which will help you get more
followers. It's like a in-person
collaboration. But you also need to
understand that a large personal brand
is temporary unless you do this. The key
to longevity is to control your own
audience. People think it's all about
social media followers. If you have a
large social following and the
algorithms change, you're lucky if 3%,
2%, or 1% of your following even sees
your content. So, you want to collect an
email list. When you collect an email
list, this allows you to communicate
directly to your audience. And check out
this graph that shows the difference of
a value of a social media follower
versus a email subscriber. As you can
see, a email subscriber is worth much
more money. And when you use tools like
Mailchimp, they make it easy for you to
collect email subscribers. They'll give
you the landing pages, they'll give you
the popups, the templates that you need
to offer, free ebooks and guides and
action plans and quizzes, so that way
you can collect more email addresses.
and then you push your social media
followers to go to your website. When
you tell them to go check out this ebook
or offer, they'll go there and you'll
collect more email addresses. If you're
struggling to create content to give
people in exchange for their email
address, you can use tools like ChatGpt
or Uber Suggest AI writer to help you
create content for your lead magnets.
This way, it makes it easy for you to
start coming up with content that people
actually want to read. When you collect
email addresses, make sure you send out
emails each and every single week. At
least once, if not three times. If you
don't send out emails often enough, your
list will get stale and then you're
going to see really terrible
deliverability. Finally, once you've
built your personal brand, you want to
do these things to make millions of
dollars with your audience. The way I
monetize my personal brand is through
speaking gigs, book deals, and
sponsorships. First off, speaking gigs.
If I choose to speak, and these days I'm
much more selective because I have a
family, I can generate over a million
dollars in speaking fees with no
problem. Heck, I can probably generate
closer to $2 to $3 million a year in
speaking gigs alone. Book deals.
Published a book called Hustle, New York
Times bestseller. $500,000 advance. I
have many more offers to continue
publish more books. I just don't want to
do it. Sponsorship opportunities. I've
been paid countless times by companies
like PayPal over $100,000 to just post a
video on social media. So, when you
build a big personal brand, people will
reach out to you and constantly look to
pay you to endorse their brand or speak
at their event or just to get to know
you or work with you. And when we look
at our ad agency, NP Digital, my
personal brand drives roughly $10
million worth of sales each and every
single year. In our first year, we did 5
million in sales at our ad agency. All 5
million came from my personal brand. In
her second year, we did $18 million in
revenue. 10 million came from my
personal brand. In her third year, we
did over 30 million in revenue, and 10
million came from my personal brand.
Now, my personal brand is capped out at
roughly 10 million a year, but that's
not bad. It all adds up. And you can
even do things like affiliate marketing
or brand partnerships, which can help
you generate passive income. If you look
at Alex Ramoszi, he has a partnership
with school. He wasn't the original
founder of school, but he promotes
school and he now is one of the owners
of school, which has helped him make
more money. That's a great example of a
partnership that's a win-win for both
people. With affiliate marketing, you
can use sites like ClickBank or
Commission Junction, find offers, and
promote similar products within your
space and link to those products within
your articles and make money even when
you're sleeping. But the key to really
making money from a personal brand is to
not choose one monetization method, is
to choose multiple. One may do well for
a certain period of time, one may do
well with a certain audience, and
another one may do well with a different
audience. A great example of this is I
could be selling a t-shirt. There's
t-shirts that cost $10, and there's
t-shirts that cost thousands of dollars.
You got to have options for different
types of people. If you follow this
blueprint, you'll be on your way to
making millions of dollars with your
personal brand. But this one thing is
what holds most people back from
actually accomplishing this goal.
Personal brands compound over time. The
key is consistency. If you are
consistent each and every single day for
three plus years, it compounds. You'll
get exponential growth and that's when
you really start making money. The thing
is, you got to stick with it. And this
is why whatever vertical you decide to
go after, you have to be super
passionate. If you're not passionate,
you won't do well. And when you have
your passion, stick with it. Don't go
off topic. When you go off topic, you'll
get more followers in many cases by
going broad, but they won't convert into
revenue. It's not about having the most
amount of followers. It's about being
known for one thing in one vertical and
that's how you monetize extremely well.
You don't need millions of followers to
do that. You don't need millions of
followers to make money. Just look at
me. I don't have millions of followers
on most my social profiles, but yet I
can monetize well. Why? Because I stick
with marketing. Whatever vertical you're
in, make sure you stand out. You need to
differentiate yourself. Doing what
everyone else has done before you isn't
a great way to build a personal brand.
Doing something different, unique,
Marvel is a great way to stand out and